This is a head-gum original.
Amir needs headphones.
He's not ready.
13 minutes late is my threshold.
He was in a waiting room.
It's your fault.
Wow.
Yeah.
I wasn't ready.
This is all too sudden.
This is all too subtle.
It's not.
I'm going to have to like come back and leave and go and like deal with other shit now because you didn't want to wait.
Do you guys know about a huddle?
So we're just straight into it.
It's like that.
High school football.
No, it's like a high school football.
High light reel for people who aren't ever going to be recruited.
So my pitch is subtle.
SUDL.com.
And it's like highlight reels where like you're not really showing any overt athletic ability.
But you know, you know, the intangibles are off the charts.
But you're going to say.
You're not really showing any ass.
What was last time Brad showed crack.
Did you think that rhymed?
Brad Street crack.
All right.
We're really into it today.
I was just telling Brad and Angelina or Symerika that.
I'm just like I'm living in and the Hollywood Hills now.
Angelina Jolie now.
It's this is huge.
Angelina Jolie.
No.
Well, I was going to tell a mirror that I was talking to you guys about how I didn't get a lot of sleep last night.
The highest energy I've had in weeks for this show and otherwise.
If you say that most are least.
What's that?
He said the highest.
So obviously, you should know what that means.
Oh, I was dead.
Yeah.
He was running into the heat today.
Angelina, bring it back.
I'm here.
What was like?
What was last night like for you in the in the blue man ash household?
I played online poker with my friends.
As I've done every Sunday since the pandemic started.
Okay.
Did you are you up?
I won last night.
No, not money.
I mean, like you up.
Like am I awake?
Sure.
This is the highest energy you've been in a while.
Um.
Yeah, it was until I started talking to you.
Yeah.
Take it away.
More specific.
I need a little help.
I knew it was.
You want me to host the show?
A little bit, like just chiming and keeping the flow going.
Because I feel like a mirror's already coming with this energy here.
Like was in the waiting room for a while, he said.
I didn't see a notification pop up on Zoom.
There's no way I could have known.
Marie was also in the waiting room, right?
No.
I didn't hear.
Listen to them to talk about listening to them to talk.
Oh my god.
We got to start over tomorrow.
They were talking about watch.
That was easy.
Yeah.
We were talking about watches.
Um.
Brad's a dog.
Yeah.
Um.
Uh, Brad's a hoarder.
If not a border of dog.
And she is a colleague.
Border.
Or otherwise.
A Jacob Colley.
Coolie.
A Dave Collier.
See your house.
I didn't do anything.
I should prepared.
I asked you how your night wasn't the Blumen Ash household.
You said you did online poker.
You said you were up.
And then I asked if you were awake.
And somehow that's where it went off the rail.
Yeah.
I'm not going to have this by the way.
I've been experiencing a lot of career success outside of the podcast.
That I'm not going to talk about.
No.
What does it need hard proof?
Really.
What have you done well?
Well, I've been like thinking about a pilot.
Okay.
That's cool.
It's cool.
But I wouldn't say that it's career success, right?
Really.
Because I have to go to like aviation school.
Oh, you're not even actually being a flyer of a plane.
You mean, or at least a flight attendant.
That seems from my limited research a little easier.
The issue would be that you're kind of on the plane for multiple hours a week.
And I can't take that time with this show.
Because even when I'm not recording this show, editing this show or outlining the episodes,
you know, it's all writing.
It's all material.
You know, so I'll go to like a diner, right?
I have breakfast for dinner.
And that's me working on the show.
That's billable.
I'll put those hours on my fucking time card.
I wouldn't.
Yeah.
We're definitely not paying for you to go to a diner.
That's true.
But let's take it one step further.
All right.
Ken Keesie style.
I'm at the diner.
I'm talking to somebody about the show.
And I just put that on to my time card as a company expense.
That gets taken off to access at you.
No.
Really.
Yeah.
Travel for the show, maybe, but you have never done that.
But if I go to like a fucking Juno, right?
If I go to a Tempy, that's all material.
The show doesn't happen with.
Where's Juno?
Oh, ask.
You think you'd go to there for the show?
I mean, Maggie Rogers did a nose trip and it kind of got a hit record.
I wonder if I do a nose trip and I get a hit record.
Oh, my god.
That was really fucking good.
Damn it.
Speaking of Omega.
I think I'll go leave pace.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Just thinking outside the bun for a minute.
I would go pace.
How's it?
Yeah.
Mariko who you got.
What?
Can you unpack that a little bit while you pass?
Yeah.
It just feels like he's in the ether slash zeitgeist.
And it does seem to be the summer of Lee.
Yeah.
I'm using like old Wranglers with a wee logo.
It's a summer of Lee.
I forgot.
That was an asling brand.
The Bruce Springsteen as shot.
No, I saw body's body's body's recently.
And I'll be tall loved Lee pace.
And she's like, I've always had a huge crush on this guy.
And now he's back in this.
I guess she liked him and pushing up daisies.
And I'm like.
Oh, yeah, pushing daisies.
I'm never really heard of this guy.
And then all of a sudden, Marika makes him.
His, no, Marika made Lee pace's photo or slack biopic profile.
And so like, maybe this is the summer of Lee.
He's always I'm always changing out my slack photos for various men in photo shoots.
And I've never known who they are until this one.
I, uh, I think we all need to pace ourselves with Lee.
Uh, because, you know, he was on a game of thrones.
He was on body's body's body's body's body's body's body's body.
And I feel like that's a little bit.
He was on a game of thrones.
Did you see bodies, bodies, bodies?
Marika?
Did you like it?
I haven't seen it yet.
Now he was in, um, scared of horror movies.
So I'm a little worried.
I'm going to be scared.
But my friend said that it's not that scary, so.
Yeah, it's more like a comedy.
Pete Davidson style cool young kids doing funny drug stuff.
What are you?
They're having, like, it's like, shows.
Who do you?
About fucking, yeah.
Who?
Sorry, what'd you say Angelina?
What was, what did you?
You thought he was on Game of Thrones.
But who were you thinking of?
He was him.
But he was in, uh, the Hobbit.
Yes, he was.
And, fun fact.
In McEllen, outed him in Richard Armageddon.
They were on the Hobbit.
As in Lion's Gate.
I'm sorry.
I haven't told anyone that yet.
Yeah, they, they like hadn't.
Come out and.
Is it like a run like Retributive Act?
Hmm.
Is that a word?
Retributive?
No way.
I was just going to like that.
One to two more extra syllables for sure.
It's a Retributive Retributive.
Yeah.
Retributive?
Thumbs up.
But, too.
That's good.
What?
It was kind of good.
Anyway.
No, it was.
You allow it.
No, Ian McEllen, like, was doing an interview.
And just casually mentioned that they were like young, he was like,
and the young gay man working on this film.
It's great.
And they hadn't come back.
Okay.
So it wasn't Retributive.
Retributive?
Is it possible for there to be a gas leak in a zoom call?
Because now I'm getting it.
Yeah.
It's a key to violence.
Well, I was trying to lean.
Very good.
Asked me if I had any symptoms lingering
from my third bout with COVID.
And I was like, I think I have a little bit of brain fog.
But also I haven't been like sleeping that much.
And I've moved.
And, you know, so I'm all turned around.
I wake up in a room that I'm not used to.
I'm, you know, last night I got four hours of sleep.
And then last night, also before that,
I was, I cooked dinner.
And then I was like painting in my living room.
Shout out art.
And George walks in.
He gets home.
He walks into the kitchen.
And he walks into the living room.
He's like, hey, just so you know, like,
there was a burner on in here for like a minute.
So I was right.
Yeah.
So he's like, just in case you feel a little gassy.
And I was like, well, it'd be gassy and more than two ways then.
That's good.
What you're making for this?
It's for dinner.
Really?
That was asking you.
I made, uh, oh my god.
I made, uh, do you guys have nothing fancy?
The Alison Roman cookbook that everybody has?
Just say we know.
Fuck you.
Just do.
No.
She has this citrus soy scallion salmon.
And.
Sitchy soy scallion.
It's not available.
You can make it in 20 minutes, Brad.
And it's, uh, of it.
What are you talking about?
Sate on the, on the stovetop with the.
Are you bakes?
Okay.
You, you make the, the sauce on the skillet.
Yeah.
And you make the sauce with the citrus soy salmon.
And you make the sauce.
Same as in the stove.
Or on the salmon on the stove with the skin.
Sitchy soy sauce.
The salmon's on the oven.
And then you're glazing at every five to ten minutes.
What's on the stove?
Just with the citrus soy salmon with the scallions on the skin.
All right.
The salmon.
We have sauce on the skin.
Already for salmon.
The salmon.
Switches the skin size.
On parchment paper.
On saran rat.
All right.
And melted plastic.
Yeah.
Also not good for you.
It's unbelievably good.
You can make it in 20 minutes.
Highly recommend.
You don't need the cookbook to get it.
Just look up.
Uh, citrus.
Good boy.
Salad.
Just.
I pulled down the letter S on your keyboard.
It's a little steak emerges from your fucking laptop.
Any sides?
I did.
Salad.
Thanks.
Yeah.
This is the funniest bit that's ever occurred on this show.
It's basically meant for three year olds.
This is a fucking children's cookbook and we're dying.
Yeah.
Like a baby would be like.
Because all the sounds are same as similar sounds with a soy salmon skin.
The sauce on the side and a salad.
Um, I, I had a good tweet the other day.
I'm just going to blow up my own spot here for a spell.
Oh, I'm going to have these.
Did you say buy?
Yeah, I say it's going to head out.
You got hungry.
It's just a plug.
I'm, I'm 200 away from 10,000 followers.
Uh, babies really only eat sides until they're like four.
Yeah.
Are we still doing bond of the week?
Yes.
What's your bond of the week?
Oh, you.
Me.
Jeff is Jeffrey James.
Oh, nice diversity higher.
Oh, you said you've been having a lot of wind's career.
Why is I figured.
Sorry.
I'm throwing you a mountain.
It's time for a clumsy dumbass.
Bye.
Uh, thanks for loving me up.
I guess I'll be on a veils and then come second to my pick, which is Margo Robby.
It's time for a James blonde.
Hmm.
Um,
I'm going to go with my pick.
Uh, it's going to Matt Smith because I'm looking at a photo of him right now.
Who?
I think he's not handsome enough.
The old doctor who.
I don't know if you can be doctor who and James Bond that feels like you've done too much.
And you're paying playing Princess Diana's or not Princess Diana.
Fucking the queen of England's old husband.
Darius.
That's that's your last straw.
You're on the crown as is every other British version.
Darius King.
Darius Rucker.
Um, low fish.
Oh, Matt Smith was in American psych of the musical playing Patrick Bateman.
I feel like that's sort of in line with James Bond.
Like cool.
Kind of weird guy.
Yeah.
Uh, let's move on for sure.
Uh, what do you guys have any style swirves that you want to like incorporate into your
steas on the reg slash rag?
I just bought a pair of red pants.
Perfect.
I like the side man.
Red pants crimson.
I want me to get them.
Yeah.
Jo and tell.
I also just got some new pants that are printed.
They have a print.
Daniel Johnston.
Is that a brand?
No.
It's a musician here.
I'll go get mine too.
Everyone just leave.
Okay.
I can go get my actually.
Yeah, I do have one.
Oh, boy.
This is kind of American takes the reins.
Um.
Oh, no.
Jeff is back.
And I don't really have anything to say.
This is the perfect segment for a mirror to miss because you would just bring back some like
linen shorts.
Those are very fun.
Oh, check the pants man.
Where do you get those from?
Vans.
Like vans the shoe company or.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
You're fun.
Thanks.
These are these are my red pants.
These are.
Yeah.
They're work pants.
Got a little flare to them.
A nice deep pocket.
Big bud press.
That's an LA brand.
My friend works there.
Yeah.
They just opened a storefront in New York.
So I was trying a bunch of stuff for once.
Green point.
Oh, it's a.
Lowery side.
That makes 90 something orchard street.
Oh, shit.
He's back.
Hmm.
It's kind of like um.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Uh, I was going more for like a.
God.
What's his name from almost famous.
Patrick fugit.
There's no way.
I've returned to say that.
Jvaki was right.
It's not the actor.
I was thinking of, but it was Patrick fugit.
Uh, I'm going to head out for another 15.
All right.
Yeah.
God sense.
Coming back for one more fugit based joke.
You know, why don't we just say fugit and move on to the next thing.
Uh, what about this?
Patrick fugitive for a game.
A segment for next week.
Sorry.
Is it called the Amir podcast?
No.
Is it called the Jeffrey podcast?
It's called the head gum podcast.
Great.
And I want head gum is it.
Let's all work together.
Three.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Uh.
What about investing in art?
Did I miss anything?
Or was that also a proposal of nothing to you, too?
No, we showed each other a pants.
Yeah.
Well, there's my question.
There's my fucking question.
Why would anyone ever buy the original of something?
Right?
Like a print of a Jasper Johns is the same thing you're seeing with your gaping eyes.
Not really, right?
Really?
Well, Jasper Johns, like, I mean, I don't know.
You probably get the original because you want to see up close.
The artistry of it.
Yeah.
But I was painting last night and I basically ripped off Jasper Johns.
Because I want to see.
Is this the same paint as the living room paint?
Yeah.
And I'm painting like art.
You were just coding your walls.
No, I was painting art on the wall.
How can it?
Nobody ever said anything about the wall.
It was a painting in your living room.
And we know you just moved.
So that's why we all, at least both of them here.
And I assumed you were painting your house.
I was with you.
Okay, great.
So yeah, we're all fine.
Look, this isn't the same.
Were you painting the dinner?
Or is that also a weird thing that we misunderstood?
I was sculled.
I was saying from a wall.
I was getting a talk about.
Are you still painting?
Forgetting.
No, it's too earnest.
I'd like to see it.
It's not like saying anything.
I just did stream of consciousness art.
Yeah.
So this isn't so funny.
It's right.
What do you guys think he did it with?
I wonder if he's like seeing someone, you know?
The painting?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
I feel like art should be for yourself.
First and foremost.
But I can't imagine he did it by himself.
It feels like a date night thing.
And like, yeah.
And the salmon?
Yeah.
Yes, exactly.
He's not just having it.
He's not dating himself.
They're right.
Yeah.
Although we all should.
We all should.
But he doesn't love himself that much.
That's so fucked.
Why?
Who did you?
Am I doing this?
Oh, you're sort of muted.
I can't hear you anymore.
Mm-hmm.
We can't hear you.
Sort of weird.
Time.
To lose you.
Should we do a crit of this?
What about now?
Yeah.
I can't hear you.
See, like direct Jasper Johns and Matt McCormick rip off.
Further.
I already made one.
It's interesting.
Very interesting.
So I've got this episode too.
So I might have to cut that out.
So it doesn't seem like a moment reading one book, which is true.
Jasper Johns, are you saying that?
Because it's like the lines, the primary colors.
Yeah.
And then Matt McCormick, because of the sort of beige, red, and black of it all.
Who did you do art with?
That's a little personal.
Yeah.
So is the artwork we've actually got it out of you.
out of you. A close friend. Okay. Say more. No. Did they take their peace home? No,
and I'm not showing theirs. It's a new day. It's a new dawn. It's a new day. And I'm
feeling new. John. What about it? Okay, we forget investing in art. What about investing
cash? So like parking your assets in honestly liquidity that didn't make sense. No, it's
like people always talk about assets. Oh, we do have to take a break, actually. People are
always talking about parking their cash in investments and assets that might appreciate
value. But the strength of the US dollar increases every year with inflation. So I wonder if
you just park your cash in other cash. The rent of the dollar increases with inflation.
Or is it these? Stop. Well, theoretically, if you have $7,000 today and then next year,
that's worth less. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's increasing.
What's talking about vial vials?
V-I-L-E space V-I-A-L-S. Research.
Oh, yeah. I wonder how many listeners got that, probably under 4%. Okay, so what about a vial
vial of ALS for research? Vial vial. Andrew vial. Just try to put that in the
way. Just try to focus. Man, you're all over the place. All right, this is the last part
of the wax segment. Did you guys have a good summer? Yeah. Summer's not up yet.
Feels over. I'm haggzing at the moment, though. We have summer Fridays for at least two
more Fridays. Do you guys, do you guys stick by the, don't wear white after Labor Day
thing? Or you know, but I also don't wear white bottoms that often. I would say
I have for bottoms. Yeah. Basically, you're like, you know, like full, full body
outfits. It's not really about t-shirts. So you can wear a white t-shirt in November.
So that's fine. I'm totally fine. Oh, it's like Brad's pants. That would be a, that'd
be a bold choice. Andrew, sort of September. Mm-hmm. I haven't done it. I feel like we didn't
spend enough time on vial vials. How else could we have? It was nothing. Really? It was
nothing burger. Instead of a 50 burger. I thought, I mean, we've been doing this show
a couple of weeks where we haven't even talked about anything going on with the network.
And I feel like there's a lot going on. So I thought that we could have sort of a, not necessarily
a state of the gum, because that's for the fall. But, you know, what's going on? What a
y'all specifically working on that you can talk about that you're excited. The start of
America. I mean, I feel like, oh, yeah. All right, whatever. Um, I feel like if I talk,
it's going to like, all of it's going to be over. It's just going to be neat. Like, let's
just let that unfold. We don't have to like start. Yeah. Um, corked just released. Yeah.
Really excited about the second episode will be out when this episode comes out. So you
should listen to it if you haven't already. We also did our first like in studio live stream last week,
which was pretty cool. And hopefully we can do more of those down the line. Um, the New York
studio is almost finished. So it looks great near future. We'll have some recordings in there.
We thought maybe we were going to have one in their last week, but then Jeff canceled on all of us
and then recruited Brad and Casey to record the podcast, but didn't tell any of us until
hours after we were set to record.
Naturally. So on the slide that dig in there. Um, what else are we doing? What else the
depth mess up on? Um, keep your eyes peeled on various feeds because there might be a bonus pilot
episode of a podcast. Oh, coming. Is it the one on the floor? Here I say mirror days after this
comes out. Yeah. So it is the one you're thinking of. Um, and hopefully we can continue making that one
because I think it'll be fun. Hopefully. Yeah. Um, and we're doing sketches,
had them sketches. Hopefully going to start doing some of those on the east coast,
which is really exciting. Yeah. Um, we're also going to be doing a live show in the backyard
on a September 22nd. There's no ticket link yet, but stay tuned for that. Great life.
Hopefully there will be more info. Who's doing that, though? I don't want to say it. I'd rather not
say it. But it's confirmed, but we are going out to some interesting people. Yeah. I think there
are a few confirmations, but we're still finalizing. Yeah. But some of these people's fees are,
you know, unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. Yours especially. I mean, I got to afford these watches somehow.
Yeah. It's the only thing I care about. Um, um,
Rick, are you going to be in that life for that? Yeah. Marty gave me the okay to fly out. So
wow. See, and that's going to be an expense. Yeah. And a one that one that's allowed for sure.
I'm fucking believable with Marty. I'm sorry. What do you mean? He just never, you know,
he never okay. He's your expenses. He never, okay. He's my expenses. He never, okay. He's my, you know,
extravagant purchases that I, you know, yeah. I guess just expenses, huh? Yeah. All right. We got to move on.
Here we go.
Welcome to Fauci's next chapter. Yubi. Didn't mean that for sure.
Okay. Didn't mean that. Do you want to start over?
Welcome to Fauci's next chapter. Oh, you're going to like this one.
Somehow works. So fucked. Yeah. This is not how it's supposed to be going already.
Welcome to Fauci's next chapter. Come on.
Atcha. Let's keep it moving. Fauci. Dr Anthony Fauci says he will step down and
December to pursue his next chapter acting. I mean, I missed 81. So I don't know what other
next chapters he's planning on, but it does feel like he should maybe just chill. Maybe move to
the main, uh, but I thought that we could maybe kind of like pitch some ideas to Anthony of what his
next chapter could possibly have. Um, I have one. Okay. Yeah. Start us off. Thank you. Should take, um,
improv 101 at ECB. And Marika, that was my first pitch. I want to see Fauci at Cage,
Ratch. Bouchy on a mod team. I honestly mess all or whatever that whole down to your podcast.
You never shut up about podcast. It's like, oh, this person should do this as a podcast. This
person should do that as a podcast. And it's always like a half as a joke. Like it's fucking played out a little bit.
I think, um, Fauci, you get ready with me videos on TikTok.
Oh, wow. Yeah.
Putting makeup on in front of a ringlight, but talking about a fucking date he had last night.
Covering up cigarette burns on his forearms.
You know, my father didn't get too much for me.
Um, who is that? That was my Fauci. You always call me out on my fucking impressions.
I'm not an impressions guy. I'm never going to be. I'm never going to be. So don't go for it.
Um, what about Fauci as like a gap jeans advocate brand ambassador, you know, instead of like
slouchy fit. It's Fauci. God. We're like a dead inch break instead of slouchy fit. It's Fauci.
That's I feel like Dr. Fauci has an Adam and Eve ambassador.
This likes to write company. Yeah. He's sort of latex clad at the stock room.
That's zipper on the crotch and on the stock floor. He's ringing the bell.
Dressed head to toe and plver. We're in the Gordon Deco watch.
Brad, what do you think could be good for Fauci's next chapter? I don't know, children's television.
Sesame Street Oscar the Fouch. Wow. That's good. Oh, there we go. Oscar the Fouchy. I'd love to see Tony and a garbage can
That helps that's supposed to me. I mean is that a threat
Spreading lies as much as I spread legs. We're gonna get another CD. Not that off from this
Okay, yeah, what what about a CDC warning, but it's like
Um
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I was gonna be too blue and not funny
What about Fouchy has a flight attendant just in terms of like how hard could it be?
What's the second time you've brought up being a flight attendant?
Really? Yeah, have you looked into it? Are you intrigued?
Think about some exchange?
Attendant hours
What about salary? Did they get paid hourly or do they just get paid us a lump sum her year and they have to hit them in a moment?
I'm on glass door right now. It looks like they're not salaried, but they're celery. So you can basically eat all the catering you want
Fuck you guys
You think this is easy to do on a weekly basis?
Yeah, we're pitching new jobs for Anthony Fauci and you're yelling at us that we're not doing enough?
No, he's yelling because we didn't laugh at his celery joke
Rocky horror picture show actor. Let's see Fauci in fishnets
Okay, okay
I think he could I just don't know if he has because I'm pretty sure he has goat
Gauji doubt
Bouch
Any other pitches in here?
Fauci as a
Bucking devutant so he's 16 years old in the south
He goes to a katilian he's wearing the fucking gloves. He's debuting and oh my god
Look at this. It's the bell of the ball. It's Anthony freaking Fauci. Yeah, it's sort of it's coming fouch party
Exactly, he's ready to enter the world
As a southern charm stress, but he's not a Brad
I don't know devutant. I'm kind of stuck on that picturing those those thighs in that dress
Vio artist so it's
E a sports in the game, but it's Anthony Fauci, so it's like
It's the new EA sports pickle ball game. Yeah, that's good and Fauci is doing commentary
Actually, you can just do sportscaster
I assume he's a metz fan or something like that. He strikes me as a metz fan. It's a Jewish Anthony Fauci or does he just give off?
Jewish grade uncle vibes. I think he could give off color commentary on like the metz
So he's like calling first of all to call in card, but he's also calling game and he's like
Spitting game really at
You know the players the crowd hitting on everyone hit the end of their I think he could be a
gallery curator
Just imagine Anthony Fauci wheeling a dealing in the art world
And that is the first piece and dare I say that's the center piece of his first gallery exhibit
So it's an instant fail
How about he's a
Jesuit
What yeah
What about the verge editor? So he's recommended social distancing. He's recommended vaccine
Now he's recommending portable speakers
Yeah
I
Garen to you he does not know how to pair a blue to you
I come to you with a new recommendation for the wire cutter
There's an impression. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
No, but it's really important that you find a pill headset that pairs
wirelessly with your phone. Okay, and then like fucking I wasn't done
I was gonna say Rand Paul keeps talking about like wired connections and he's like oh again
And again with this guy with the wired connections. Maybe but maybe it wouldn't have gone that way
Definitely maybe
What about jigalo or rather jigoldo, right? Because what if Fauci was a straight-up or
a lot of people would say that he is not me. Oh
Jigoldo
Finally Vegas your problem
Vegas residency all right Brittany, Elton, J. Lo, Anthony
Elvis it's him doing like the the greatest hits of like the pandemic
years after the fact so it's like you know people want him to play the hits they don't want the new stuff so the new
recommendations about like other you know pandemics
It's him being like
six feet apart and then everybody's like yeah
This is like 2027
I know email he was gonna be singing the greatest hits of the pandemic
So like TikTok songs or like we are the world or whatever they did
Oh, I just looked into that song. Do you know who wrote that song?
No
So I just went into some sort of a rabbit hole about the we are the world song well
There was a music producer's idea and he asked Michael Jackson to participate in Jackson's like oh
I want to write the entire song and so he did it with Lionel Richie in his house and in
See no not too far from where I grew up in 1985
And then he asked all of his famous friends recording artists actors to be in it and they all said yes
Except for a few notable exceptions
Eddie Murphy for one who was singing making a music video for party all the time decline the offer and most notably
Prince couldn't make it on the day instead they got about
50 other of the top recording acts in the world to sing this song for
USAID in Africa to aid an Ethiopian famine that was going on in the early 80s and it raised close to
70 million dollars for the efforts
That's
Pretty cool for a song you're talking about making a difference that's
As quickly and efficiently as it gets from writing it to Jen in January recording it later that month and releasing it in March of 85
a two-year-old
Me moved to the states
Not two months after that
From Israel to not very far from that house where we are the world was
scribed and recorded in in see no a house off of Havenhurst
Avenue
Just south of Ventura
So that's sort of the
30,000 feet view of the entire what went on that
What was going on in the zeitgeist of that time but in relation to your life which sucks
But
Take not put
You know
Ten gently
Also in gentle
And I thought it really centered the story for me. Yeah, so I think it's fun or you guys
It made it more related to me
Yeah, because you guys know that Eddie Murphy wasn't there
And then I was yeah and Bob Dylan right yet Bob Dylan was there
Sign up Paul Simon. Let's make like Dr. Fauci. I'm a pleasure chest and let's talk plugs
Merika
What do you have going on? What do you want to point the people to the floor is yours the episodes over and I ended on that note because of a mirror
It's a great note. We are the world. We are the chill children we are
Today, so keep on the
Follow me on Twitter Instagram and letter box at Marie Gailon and
Come back to this feed or
Another feed that amir is on the if I were you feed
for a podcast bonus episode
Probably the Monday after this comes out amazing. What podcast shut up bread time not
Telling cuz it's a secret yeah, you're not even telling me that's how big of a secret it is
Adler Bradler
Bradler
Looking yeah, hi, okay. We'll just say that's me
Follow me on Instagram
Add Bradler the human
And
Listen to cork
I'll also shout out cork also put in a request
There was a boy's night episode of this program then another full boys episode of this show
Now we're still three boys. I think the people want slash deserves slash need to get a girl's night episode
Dare I say without Jeff on it like
Let's have a fucking slumber party where no NBA no boys allowed Jeff
I guess in theory could slash should be there but he can record it from a treehouse
While he fucking with a binoculars while he watches the ladies hang out
He's using a can on a string
The only way
I mean
It's the most listen to episode and you're not on it
At Jeff we already in Twitter and we'll see you guys again next week until then
Stas that's does folks
We are the world
up
Ages
That was a hit them original
You